>> Jimmy: WHY DO YOU THINK SO
MANY PEOPLE DON'T TRUST HILLARY
CLINTON?
>> YOU KNOW -- A LOT OF THIS
JUST HAS TO DO WITH THE FACT
THAT SHE HAS BEEN IN THE
TRENCHES, IN THE ARENA, FOR 30
YEARS.
AND WHEN YOU HAVE BEEN IN THE
PUBLIC EYE THAT LONG, IN
POLITICS FOLKS GO AFTER YOU.
AND THEY'RE TRYING TO FIND A
WEAK SPOT.
AND ANY MISTAKE THAT YOU MAKE
ENDS UP BEING MAGNIFIED AND
GINNED UP.
AND THERE ARE COMMERCIALS AROUND
IT AND A WHOLE NARRATIVE BEGINS
TO BUILD.
THAT HAS AN IMPACT ON PEOPLE.
BUT I CAN SAY THAT HAVING WORKED
WITH HER, SHE IS SMART AS A
WHIP.
SHE DOES HER HOMEWORK.
SHE WORKS REALLY HARD.
SHE CARES DEEPLY ABOUT WORKING
FAMILIES IN THIS COUNTRY.
AND YOU KNOW, SHE'S NOT SOMEBODY
WHO THINKS THE JOB IS ABOUT
FLASH AND SIZZLE AND MAKING
SPEECHES, IT'S ABOUT JUST
GETTING POLICY RIGHT AND MAKING
SURE THAT FOLKS ARE DOING A
LITTLE BIT BETTER.
AND I THINK THAT AT A TIME IN
OUR POLITICS WHEN EVERYBODY
WANTS TO GET 100% OF WHAT THEY
WANT RIGHT NOW, AND THE
ASSUMPTION IS IF SOMEBODY ELSE
DOESN'T AGREE WITH YOU THEN
THEY'RE COMPLETELY WRONG, AND WE
GOT NO TIME FOR THEM, THE BRAND
OF POLITICS THAT HILLARY
REPRESENTS WHICH IS PRAGMATIC
AND SAYS THAT YOU DON'T GET
EVERYTHING DONE ALL AT ONCE, YOU
DO -- YOU MAKE PROGRESS IN
LITTLE PIECES AT A TIME.
THAT MAY NOT ATTRACT AS MUCH
ATTENTION.
IT'S NOT SOMETHING THAT GOES
INTO 140 CHARACTERS AS EASILY.
>> Jimmy: RIGHT.